Update frontend-modules.en.md (#764)
contao/docs: docs/manual/core-extensions/calendar/frontend-modules.en.md

weight: 20
---

> Now that you know how to manage calendars and events in the backend, we'll explain how to display this content in the frontend. The "Calendar" extension contains four frontend modules, which you can configure as usual in module management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you know how to manage calendars and events in the back end, we'll explain how to display this content in the front end. The "Calendar" extension contains four front end modules, which you can configure as usual in module management.
```

Author: Agreed

### Forwarding

> **Forwarding page:** Here you define the page which a visitor is forwarded when clicking on a link in the calendar. On the target page the frontend module "Event reader" should be included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Forwarding page:** Here you define the page which a visitor is forwarded when clicking on a link in the calendar. On the target page the front end module "Event reader" should be included.
```

Author: Agreed

## Event reader

> The frontend module "Event reader" is used to display a specific event. The module obtains the alias of the entry via the URL, so that events can be linked with [permalinks](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Permalink):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The front end module "Event reader" is used to display a specific event. The module obtains the alias of the entry via the URL, so that events can be linked with [permalinks](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Permalink):
```

Author: Agreed

**Comment template:** Here you can select the comment template.

**HTML output**  

>  The front-end module generates the following HTML code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The front end module generates the following HTML code:
```
